Created new task page - Running Pods on Only Some Nodes (#39972)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/manage-daemon/pods-some-nodes.md

Consider a scenario where we want to run some of our {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="pod" text="Pods">}} only on those {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="node" text="Nodes">}} which do have ssd. 

### Step 1: Add labels to your nodes

Adding the label `ssd=true` to the nodes which have ssd.

```shell
kubectl label nodes my-node ssd=true
```

### Step 2: Creating the configuration file

We will create a {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="daemonset" text="DaemonSet">}} which will provision the nginx on the ssd labeled {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="node" text="nodes">}} only.

we will use the nodeSelector to select the {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="node" text="nodes">}} based on the labels assigned to them

{{<codenew file="controllers/daemonset-label-selector.yaml">}}

### Step 3: Create the {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="daemonset" text="DaemonSet">}}

Create the daemonset from the configuration file by using `kubectl create` or `kubectl apply`

Now suppose we label another node as `ssd=true`.

```shell
kubectl label nodes another-node ssd=true
```

Now our {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="pod" text="pod">}} would be automatically deployed there. We can check this using

```shell

> kubectl get pods -o wide

Reviewer: Basically no problem, I think it would be better to add the message of the command output. It lets users know if their output is as expected.

---
title: Running Pods on Only Some Nodes
content_type: task
weight: 30

> min-kubernetes-server-version: 1.7

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

It's OK to skip this line.

---
<!-- overview -->

> This page shows how you can run {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="pod" text="Pods">}} on only some {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="node" text="Nodes">}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page shows how you can run {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="pod" text="Pods">}} on only some {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="node" text="Nodes">}}
as part of a DaemonSet.
```

## {{% heading "prerequisites" %}}

> {{< include "task-tutorial-prereqs.md" >}} {{< version-check >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< include "task-tutorial-prereqs.md" >}}
This page assumes that you have a cluster with at least three worker nodes.
```

Skipping `{{< version-check >}}` because we can assume the reader is using Kubernetes much more recent than v1.7

## Running Pods on only some Nodes

> Consider a scenario where we want to run some of our {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="pod" text="Pods">}} only on those {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="node" text="Nodes">}} which do have ssd. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consider a scenario where we want to run a DaemonSet, but you only need to run those daemon pods
on nodes that have local solid state (SSD) storage. For example, the Pod might provide cache service to the
node, and the cache is only useful when low-latency local storage is available.
```

### Step 1: Add labels to your nodes

> Adding the label `ssd=true` to the nodes which have ssd.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the label `ssd=true` to the nodes which have SSDs.
```

```shell

> kubectl label nodes my-node ssd=true

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Use the actual names for nodes in your cluster
kubectl label nodes example-node-1 example-node-2 ssd=true
```

```

### Step 2: Creating the configuration file

> We will create a {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="daemonset" text="DaemonSet">}} which will provision the nginx on the ssd labeled {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="node" text="nodes">}} only.

Reviewer 2: [Avoid using “we”](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-using-we).

Also, “SSD” should be uppercase in English. As the label value, `ssd` is OK.

> we will use the nodeSelector to select the {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="node" text="nodes">}} based on the labels assigned to them

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, use a `nodeSelector` to ensure that the DaemonSet only runs Pods on nodes
with the `ssd` label set to `"true"`.
```

{{<codenew file="controllers/daemonset-label-selector.yaml">}}

### Step 3: Create the {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="daemonset" text="DaemonSet">}}

> Create the daemonset from the configuration file by using `kubectl create` or `kubectl apply`

Reviewer 2: Create a DaemonSet from the manifest file by using `kubectl create` or `kubectl apply`

Now suppose we label another node as `ssd=true`.

```shell
kubectl label nodes another-node ssd=true
```

> Now our {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="pod" text="pod">}} would be automatically deployed there. We can check this using

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Labelling the node automatically triggers the control plane (specifically, the DaemonSet controller)
to run a new daemon pod on that node.
```

---
title: Running Pods on Only Some Nodes
content_type: task

> weight: 30

Reviewer 2: How did we decide what number to use here?

Author: `weight` decides the relative ordering of these pages in the section's list. 'Performing a Rolling Update' was weighted at 10 while 'Performing a rollback' was weighted at 20 and hence they were ordered 1st and 2nd respectively. I think both of them should appear along with each other. So either I have to order it above them or below them. As it would be a new page I decided to order it below them and hence weighted it at 30

---
<!-- overview -->

> This page shows how you can run {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="pod" text="Pods">}} on only some {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="node" text="Nodes">}} as part of a {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="daemonset" text="DaemonSet">}}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This page demonstrates how can you run {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="pod" text="Pods">}} on only some {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="node" text="Nodes">}} as part of a {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="daemonset" text="DaemonSet">}}
```

> This page demonstrates how can you run {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="pod" text="Pods">}} on only some {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="node" text="Nodes">}} as part of a {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="daemonset" text="DaemonSet">}}

Reviewer 4: nit: Should text=nodes?

## {{% heading "prerequisites" %}}

{{< include "task-tutorial-prereqs.md" >}}

## Running Pods on only some Nodes

> Consider a scenario where we want to run a {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="daemonset" text="DaemonSet">}}, but you only need to run those daemon pods

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Imagine that you want to run a {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="daemonset" text="DaemonSet">}}, but you only need to run those daemon pods
```

on nodes that have local solid state (SSD) storage. For example, the Pod might provide cache service to the
node, and the cache is only useful when low-latency local storage is available.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```
Maybe we can add something like _Follow the steps..._ and then start explaining in the form of steps.

### Step 1: Add labels to your nodes

Adding the label `ssd=true` to the nodes which have ssd.

```shell
kubectl label nodes example-node-1 example-node-2 ssd=true
```

> ### Step 2: Creating the configuration file

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Create the configuration file
```

Reviewer 2: The thing being created here is more properly termed a _manifest_ (there's a tooltip for the idea).

Let's create a {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="daemonset" text="DaemonSet">}} which will provision the daemon pods on the SSD labeled {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="node" text="nodes">}} only.

Next, use a `nodeSelector` to ensure that the DaemonSet only runs Pods on nodes
with the `ssd` label set to `"true"`.

{{<codenew file="controllers/daemonset-label-selector.yaml">}}

### Step 3: Create the DaemonSet

> Create the DaemonSet from the manifest by using `kubectl create` or `kubectl apply`

Reviewer 2: Create the DaemonSet from the manifest by using `kubectl create` or `kubectl apply`.
For example:
```shell
kubectl apply -f kubectl create -f https://k8s.io/examples/controllers/daemonset-label-selector.yaml
```

Reviewer 2: (try that?)

> Create the daemonset from the manifest by using `kubectl create` or `kubectl apply`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Create the DaemonSet from the manifest by using `kubectl create` or `kubectl apply`
```

> ### Step 3: Create the {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="daemonset" text="DaemonSet">}}
> 
> Create the daemonset from the manifest by using `kubectl create` or `kubectl apply`
> 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
### Step 3: Create the {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="daemonset" text="DaemonSet">}}

Create the daemonset from the manifest by using `kubectl create` or `kubectl apply`

```
I think a Deployment makes more sense in an example versus a DaemonSet
